Interactable_Script

This Script is the central hub for all the interactions that occur between the player
and their surroundings.

There are 2 major functions that this scripts serves which is finding the closest interactable
and then based on that determining wheter it is an Item or Enviornemental Object

It does the former by calculating all the objects distance from a point on the player and then
sorting by which is the closest

After it does this either the item or enviornment has an Interaction_Identification script. This script is set up before hand where
you select whether the object is an item or enviornement and then select what type of item or enviornment it is

This will tell the program how to interact. 

INSTRUCTIONS FOR MAKING INTERACTABLES

-ENVIORNMENTS
Enviornements are pretty simple
When you create an eniornement object attach 2 things the Interaction_Identification and the Enviornement_Interaction

Interaction_Identification was already explained above but 
Enviornment_Interaction Serves a purpose of being a trigger for every enviornment object 
it'll what to do for very different interaction case and interact with the object according to
its enviornment type. Create the Enviornment type if it doesnt exist and add what you want it to do in the Enviornment_Interaction
Script.
-ITEMS
Items are a little bit more tricky but not by much
When creating a new item there are is only one necessary script Which is Interaction_Identification.

Again Interaction_Identification was already explained above
The rest is upt to the individual item and what it does. if the item needs to be activated somehow
like inherting player information and stuff like that the item will have to go through the Item_PickedUp
Script. if it is a new item type you will have to make a new function in the Item_PickedUp script in order 
to craft what you want to happen to the item once it is picked up

For example
Gun Objects have 2 scripts Gun_Information and their main gun script the Item_PickedUp script has instructions for
giving the Gun_Information the player's arm rotation, hand position, and the player's game object. The Gun_Information
script then gives those values to the guns main script in order to function properly when they are in the 
player's hand.

--------

This is the basis for all interaction right now and i hope it is intuitive enough to make sense  
